Welcome back.
In this video we're going to be concentrating on getting another nation up and running.
So because Word Press and bootstrap used different custom classes for the menu set up we need to include
a way of converting our bootstrap classes to Wordpress.
Now luckily somebody has already created a useful tool.
Called the bootstrap nub Walker.
So if you go over to Google and have a search of bootstrap not walker.
Then should get the first link which is the get home page.
And you can see the name walk.
It is a custom Wordpress.
Walk class to implement Twitter Bootstrap into our WordPress custom themes so we can start by in the
download button.
Dunno.
Quite quick it just is it file.
And then if you go down to the installation.
So the installation is pretty simple to follow.
We start by copying the function.
So copy that and then head to the functions dot the HP.
And this is going to be included in the trunk or WP set up function.
So just underneath the title type function.
Paste it in.
This includes the nub Walker file into our project.
So Mike over to the browser.
And then for the usage copy the nut Walker array.
And then go over to a text editor into the head adopt p.
And if we locate the navigation.
So we need to find the main navigation which is on the home page which has the links for the index page
the blog and also the latest news.
So we need to replace the full on ordered list.
So going to leave all of this section.
But make sure you leave the surround and div with the class of collapse and then paste in the array
between these types.
Want to tidy up a little bit.
So this array correctly form what are were pressfield to include a bootstrap dropped menu so we can
leave all the defaults as they are on the right unsigned.
The only thing we need to change is the menu class.
So I will bootstrap menu classes were enough not enough.
And then also another bar right because our menu was right aligned so everything else we can leave as
default and back over to the browser.
Next me to register the menu.
So copy the register not menus and then into functions doppie HP just below where we've included the
navigation Walker link just blow lamacq and paste this in there and it registers the navigation with
the fien.
So it which ties up.
And then change the theme name to tranquil w.p..
And say that.
So this sets the menu with the Home link and the blog links at the top of the web page to be our primary
menu.
And we'll come back to this later on in the course and will register the photo menus.
OK.
And the leasing we need to do is hopefully that download of pheno head to your downloads and then unzip
the package it would just onload.
Open up.
No one needs a drug the HP file into a custom frame.
Then also open up your.
In folder.
And then drug inside the EPA HP folder.
And paste it in at the root directory the same as the index page.
I'm going to be that now so none that should all be working.
So if I go to the text editor and then say that and then in2 Chrome.
In two word press.
And then refresh Wordpress.
Then create a main menu.
So in the dashboard on the left hand side go to appearance and then menus.
And then create a menu.
And then change the menu name to Main Menu.
Then scroll up.
Well let's check the two boxes at the bottom and this makes sure that the main menu is the primary menu
and also that the new pages that we create automatically get added to the menu.
So say that.
Now let's visit the site and see the menus work and okay.
OK it's all menus work and we can see subperiod up the top of the page so we've only got the holeman
the sample page link for now.
Because we haven't created the blog or the latest news section.
But that's fine.
That means everything's working correctly so that it will leave this video for now so I'll see you in
the next video will fix all the links for the images.